It's quick, it's easy and it's free: unmounting runfs to brick your system.
Trans rights!
Async? ďÓÉÎËÁ!
Feeling insecure? This computer is insecure too, because it runs rshd.
Did you know that computers have infinite RAM? Try it out with tmpfs!
svc reminds me of a weird chimera of svchost.exe and OpenRC. It's still better than both of those, though.
Chose your name yourself? Choose a name for your computer too! Run hostname "new name here"
DRM-free (sort of)
It works!! How? We don't know either. But you may ponder at our git repo.
Petting cats makes computers run faster. Do it now!
CC:Tweaked has dropped support for string.dump and Lua bytecode. Cleartext FTW!
This machine is not backdoored. That door you're pointing at is actually a front door.
Lua debug API is for writing exploits and tricky code, and not for debugging -- we have prints for those.
reboot and shutdown commands have a weird one-second sleep. Mine your device for a faster shutdown.
mount does not show disk drive mounts, because those are not managed by vfs.
You can do string IO now! bytesio API is inspired by python and aligned with Lua fs handles.
Need help writing async generators? Phone your nearest mental health clinic.
Don't forget to touch grass. Or snow, whichever is closer.
No one knows how printers work. We for sure don't.
Broken Software Distribution!
NFS does not require wireless modems.
Read-only NFS can't protect you if clients have physical access -- airgap your networks.
Writing to a single file from two threads? Why?
Welcome to dependency hell.
Unmount nfs to reduce data transfer costs.
This is multishell, even if you don't think so.
Press Shift+Terminate to kill rsh client session.
Press Alt+F4 (or equivalent hotkey) to receive free diamonds.
Press Ctrl+Alt+Del seven times in a row to unmute in voice chat.
Remember that useless Pause key on your keyboard? Try (Shift+)Pause in multishell!
This shell is accessed by msh command, while sh and shell commands access original CraftOS shell.
Enforce your boundaries with bind mounts.
The polar opposite of Secure Boot is netboot over rednet.
Static linking? In *my* computer? It's more likely than you think!
svc can't reach for the stars, but can reach targets.
This computer is named.
Webpack? Flatpak? Tetrapak? No, it's simply pack.
Tired of purity culture? Try impure environments.
Ender modems leak coordinates. Use short-range modems or entity links to communicate safely.
Nix derivations in ComputerCraft, coming soon.
Rickroll your friends with phaseroll.
Feeling old? resys to a newer version.
Bleeding edge? Yeah I'm bleeding after 10 updates a day.
If you didn't boot from netboot, why? Is this the fileserver?
Genuine ComputerCraft Programs have .official file in their sysroot.
This is still an alpha-stage project and there may be some breaking changes in the future.
Feed me some fuel, cutie~
Our top (and bottom) scientists are working on ways to Lose Files Suddenly.
Bind mounts: symlinks reimagined.
Press any key to continue...
We're no strangers to love...
Keyboard not found. Press F1 to continue.
Your device has an identity too!
Press Terminate while booting to bail into a recovery shell.
You are not immune to propaganda.
Tired of seeing these messages? set motd.enable false
This is a 1000-th ComputerCraft OS.
Congratulations! You're our 1000-th visitor!
No need to remove /impure folder to ditch impure environments, use impure disable instead.
If you're using impure, you've fallen from grace.
Brick every device in your network by corrupting fileserver.
We are always listening.
Automatic Updates (sort of)!
Train nerd? I know you are! Brick all of them with autoschedule.
We don't have sing-box here, but we do have xray.
This computer hears voicez.
Hoarding hardware? Use hw utility to manage it!
Have a bunch of monitors and keyboards? Group them in seats and throw getty at them.
You're as super as supersmelter.
storage-client is literally creative inventory in survival.
Alt+Shift+J ×ËĚŔŢÁĹÔ ŇŐÓÓËÉĘ ŃÚŮË. îÁÖÍÉ Alt+Shift, ŢÔĎÂŮ ×ĹŇÎŐÔŘ ÁÎÇĚÉĘÓËŐŔ ŇÁÓËĚÁÄËŐ.
IME is in my walls.
Another libxkbcommon user!
xkeyboard-config support when?
Reinventing the X11 wheel, one bug at a time.
čĎŢĹŰŘ ×ĹŇÎŐÔŘÓŃ × ÄĹÔÓÔ×Ď? îÁÖÍÉ Alt+Shift+F É ŐŢÉÓŘ ĐĹŢÁÔÁÔŘ ÚÁÎĎ×Ď.
Alt+Terminate performs a soft reboot to recovery shell.
svc times shows why the boot feels so slow.
